Okay, I'm going to show you how to do these videos, how to edit all that shit. So this is the channel Krispy Fairy, this is the one who is paying money for me now. Let me show you how to have earned. The last two weeks I have earned almost 4000 dollars. This day no... ...tovia no han hecho salido el dinero para este día Este día será 300 así que 4.000 dólares mañana Y este es el otro canal Y el otro canal... ...el que estás conectado tú ...que voy a usar tus datos ...es este, el Top Gear Y en este hago el programa de Top Gear Y en este hago... ...entrevistas con... ...gente famosa You see this one that was very viral with 16.000 I have this one that is very viral Yes, this is what I do So, I will show you how to do these videos First thing you have to do is find a clip that you want to do After these clips, I don't want to watch the clips What I do is go to canals that have already had a viral clip So I have a YouTube account where I'm subscribed to channels that show clips of celebrities. I have a few people who are watching. So I made shots. This is the time I can do it. It has 15,000 views, but it's a bit long. I've never been there. The guy, Adam Bolton, I don't know. Malkovich, you know, the fact that he was even going to come to do this movie. You know, Denzel was a hero of mine. It's the first time Mr. De Niro was... You've never lost your accent. I mean, because you're in a marriage. You want to find a creepy movie? It has a lot of visualizations. So, for example, one perfect movie is mine. I have these visualizations. 5,000 is fine. Menos de 5,000... Well, maybe it's going to be a viral, but... I'm not a fan of you. In prison. At the very beginning of Al's career, he made the... Say real quick, Ella, could you... When Chris... I was out at dinner at some fancy restaurant What was Andre like? The giant Last time that I saw Jennifer Lawrence made it And it seemed like I, uh, look Is it true? What skill or talent would you You guys, you dicks it at one point Oh, excuse me, could I see I go to Aaron Paul and I put the gun I go to Aaron Paul and I put the gun This one is called Daily Slabs It only has 4.000 subscribers with 111 videos This is a bad account But in this account there are gems So the most popular is 6.000 videos 6.000 videos But it only has a bad account So this is a good account Because this guy doesn't know how to edit And he still has made a mistake hour of the day be like a man and have as much gas as I damn well please and she couldn't smell a damn thing one time we were in a car we were driving as you guys the clip as you get a seat as it was it's those editors and the detail computer or whatever you did it all is a perfecto because we're not so we're going to do the most simple possible you dated a woman once who had no sense of smell So for example, my Mac Vidal is this So if I show you the clip that I copied for this, you will see the difference. There are one of these that I copied, for example this So, the video that you have to see is that this video is a minute long, okay? And this video has 4 million views I have a video of the video, I have a video of the video, I have done it 10 times better But it's the same clip, I have done it better and I have put it in a different format, simple And this video has 4.000 visualizations and I have done it 16.000 So that's what we are doing So with this I can find the original clip Because I have to find the way this interview This guy I know, I know, but I can find him in the description I see the clothes that he wears, this guy is famous So what I do is... I don't know what to do There's a name Conor Bryant And this is Bryan Kansu This is Bryan Kansu This is the person So if I look Conor Bryant And look Look at the clothes It's this If you can only... I can only... I can only... I can only... This is a cheap video, but I can also pass it on a free video that Dillon also made with cross-code or Dillon also made with Dillon and we can also... the video while I'm going to open it while I'm going to open it I'm going to open it the video is a little different because it is another version but it is similar now when you open Premiere Pro in Premiere Pro you can change what you call layout so this for example, I can move it here I can move it from all the other things Copia my layout, like I have all the video you will have a lot of things that you don't need So you just need to add these things. The properties for you are going to call Essential Graphics. It's the only difference. When you have that, you can click on this. The Sequence. Short Form. Then you go to Custom. You have to create one. Create one that is called Short Form. Then you go to Settings. You change this to 60. This to 1080. This to 1920. And OK. Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms It's this way I'm not sure that I'm not sure that I'm going to do it I'm going to go here Transcript Transcript is what it says in the video It's all the things that they've said here So I'm going to go here And I'm going to go here You dated a woman once So I'm going to do control F Don't search the video Because it doesn't work The very control effort, you dated... You dated a woman once. I need a little help, Gaudreau. You dated a woman once. 10 minutes or 20 seconds. So, here... In fact, and I... It wasn't TV. I need a little help, Gaudreau. I need a little help. You dated a woman once. There it is This is the beginning And this is the end Asi como el clip es Vale, entonces lo que hago es Como el clip es 26 segundos Se que el clip va a estar aqui en estos dos minutos Asi que lo voy a cortar aqui Voy a ir a text y transcribir Esto va a transcribir todo lo que dicen aqui vale Y asi es mas facil buscar lo que dicen Voy a encontrar, no se si me he explicado bien aqui I will show you another way that is more simple but the two are the same at the end it makes sense when I'm designing I hope that my microphone is working and I don't talk to anyone okay, yes I will pause it while I do this I will show you all the time especially when you have a long clip I have a transcription of the clip, so for example, I do here and send me to where it says this So if I do a BOTS, but... So let's look at the end But my hearing is fine But my hearing is fine But my hearing is fine So this is the end, so I have my clip, okay? This clip is not going to edit anything, it starts here and ends here because we know what we are here I'll show you another way to find the moment you want that is all in Premiere Pro it's more simple and maybe it's more sense so ignore this for now I'm going to... so now we have the clip of 13 minutes again instead of doing all that we have done before let's do this let's transcribe the 30 minutes but the only thing that is wrong is that it takes more time, because transcriber 30 minutes sometimes takes a lot of time sometimes it takes a lot of time, but well let's transcriber I'm going to pause and now I'm going to pause when I finish so that's how 2 minutes, now I have the transcriber's entire 30 minutes so in place of doing what I did before with youtube, in place I'm going to go here you dated a woman once let's go here you dated a woman once You dated a woman once who had no... Okay, it's the final. But my hearing is fine. My hearing is fine. But my hearing is fine. Dinner and it looks fantastic and I'm thinking... Giant shrimp dinner and it... Alright, that's not correct. But this also doesn't matter because sometimes there are things like this... Don't they look awesome. I mean, you say I put it so this in a lot of metal to me No, so we'll tell anything but my hearing is fine So we're having this episode I saw that's I understand that now I do Do it you know I know that you think it's unlikely You know why? Because I had already done the transcription before I did the transcription for that part of the beginning. Instead of that, I was an abogado. You dated a woman once who had... I know that she's here. ...and you were allotted for your acting ability. I forgot about that. ...and looks to me and gives me a scornful look. Look, and I went, what, what? She goes, I can't smell anything, but my hearing is fine. There it is, well I hope you understand what I'm saying This is a joke, but what I'm saying is fine If you do this, you can re-transcribe sequence And you will have to do it right now That's not a good idea, but I have to do it Now that I have this time, for someone without experience What I would do first Is to copy the clip This clip has 6 million views So, like I edit this guy, he knows a little bit, maybe for a expert like Dylan, we know better, but for someone who is playing, you can copy it and copy it. But when you are copying, when you are copying a clip, you have to think about this, does it add to the story or not? If you don't add to the story, you can quit it, because that helps with your stats, you know, how many people do your video, So it depends on how quickly it goes to the video, if everything you say is building a story, things like that So we'll see how it works, but I like how I edit it, I do it by the way, I find it at the beginning, I find it at the end and I edit it But if you were you, I would copy it exactly how this is And you can see if you did it later You dated a woman You dated a woman once who had no sense of smell I did I I did. And it was great. I could eat anything at any time, any hour of the day. be like a man and have as much gas as I damn well please. And she couldn't smell a damn thing. and that was probably the whole basis probably the whole basis of the relationship it was the It wants to be You guys didn't You guys didn't It wants to be I know I'm not going to hold this because he starts talking short and doesn't show his face You guys didn't You guys didn't You guys didn't You guys didn't You guys didn't You guys didn't You guys didn't You felt no love for her at all. It's just like that. It's just like that. None, but it was so advantageous. it was so it was so it it was so it was so it was so it was so oh none but it was so advantageous though so advantageous because of her inability of her inability to smell anything one thing one One time we were in a car and we were driving and we had been driving and we had been dating for quite a while now. While now and we're driving and she just just turns and looks to me and gives me a score. Just turns. This a lo mejor le dejo en esto porque está enseñando el movimiento de como se gira. Aquí a lo mejor guardo esto también porque añade a la parte de la historia. What? What? She goes I can't smell anything But my hearing is fine You dated a woman once So now I have 35 seconds The clip, okay? The one is 28 seconds What I would do now If you were Alex I would look at this and I would copy I would do this I would do this part I would do this I would do this Ah, okay, this part I added, I'm going to add it again. Whatever. I'm going to add this one, how it is. It's not like Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms any hour of the day, be like a man and have as much gas as I damn well please. And she couldn't smell a damn thing. And that was probably the whole basis of the relationship. You felt no love for her at all. But it was so advantageous because of her inability to smell anything. One time, damn thing. One time we were in a car and we were driving and we had been dating for quite a while now. And we were driving and she just turns and looks to me and gives me a scornful look. and I went what what she goes I can't what Full look and I went what I can't smell anything but now what you Oh what what she goes I can't smell anything to me and gives me a scornful look and I went what she goes I can't smell anything but my hearing is fine So 26 seconds 28 seconds The video is practically the same because it has not cut out well the dude Now that you have your RAW clip here, let's go to captions Captions, text, captions, create captions from transcripts Here, 15, 1.5, single, create captions Oh, I have to wait for it Now the description is the part before you are corting, so what we have to do is re-transcribe because now what we are going to do is cut it more short. So re-transcribe sequence. Captions, create captions. 15, 1.5, single. hey you know what we're going to say is that most captions search full stop replace replace all like over replace replace all is to keep it all the full stops and the commas yeah I think it's a little bit of a look at the ones properties vamos al medio is about those graphics and titles all great captions to graphic Okay? Oh no, I'm going to show you another way to do this. Now we're going to do this. All captions are always generated with this part that doesn't exist. So you always stretch it so that you can reach there. Okay? Now let's do this. Let's go to properties and now let's edit captions. I'm going to show you how my captions are. My captions are like this, and what I do is I use graphics and titles, I have the style saved, I do this and I put the style, but as you don't have a style, I will show you how you create a style. So when I have this mode, I go here to properties and I choose a font, so in this case I choose a random one like point panther demo. And now I have to choose the size of the captions I want to make something medium I'm going to go with 60 Now I'm going to go here I'm going to fill the blank stroke by the shadow You have to give 100 to this So let's go to see what's going on. Well, that's good. And there I have my captions. Maybe you want a color. If you want a color for your captions, you can see here, here. And then I'll go to Graphics and Titles. So when you have done 6-mail, it's Graphics and Titles, Upgrade Caption to Graphic. And now I'm going to add a preset to add this. So, Caption Motion Preset. You dated a woman once who had no sense of smell. And now, it was great. I could eat anything. If I quit this Then with this So, maybe you are talking about something The captions when you generate them There are things that make them bad Things that they understand well So what I do always when I generate them Before I put them I put them in the description I'm going to put my style in a quick way, because I have a random style. I've put my style in captions. You dated a woman once. You dated a woman. All the way I dig down those captions. I dated a woman once who had no sense of smell. And it was great. I could time any hour and it was great. I could eat anything at any time, any hour of the day, be like a man and have as much gas as I damn well as I damn well as I damn well as I damn well as I damn well as I damn I am well please and she couldn't smell a damn thing one time one time we were in a car we were driving we said it's a very short and we were not clean we were driving this would change it here and we were just driving I've got two captions, I've got one long caption in two We were driving and we had been dating for quite a while now and we were driving and One time we were in a car and we were driving And we had been dating for quite a while now and we were driving and And we were driving, that's not true Because I already said it. What I'm going to do is... I'm going to do this part. This short is bad. Instead of being here, you have to start here. so that it's faster But you see what I say, you don't want to repeat you want to be the most fluid possible that's what I just said when I cut that What what what what what what she goes what she goes I can't I can't smell anything. But... The reason why I'm reading this is because he's quoting what he said. But my hearing is... is fine. I don't know, when you laugh, you always have a caption that says, with the Asterix, and you say laughing. Fine. Fine. Okay, now that I have the captions, they are ready to put the caption motion preset And now that you have noticed that I have it here I may not have noticed that I have it here below So what I'm going to do is highlight them all And then I click right click nest I have a command for this, but the default is that Now that you have nested, you will put this other preset that I am going to put caption position and this is the lower part of the video okay okay now we have the clip roll and we have this we need to put it in the format and we need to make the face track I was out of dinner and they said Mr. Sandler is here and I said oh he's got this whole you dated a woman once who had no sense of smell and it was great Okay, that's what takes longer time And I have to put the format But well, I'm going to do this first So what you have to do now is Do this Show rulers You give it to show rulers And then show rulers It's this Add guide And you're going to put it in the middle of the screen You see that I have a line here in the middle of the screen This is the line that you want So in the middle of the screen Like it's 1080 by 1920 It's 540 and it will generate a line here, I have one, I have two now but this one is here, okay? and you have that line, what do you do? you can call me? my grandmother and... I have asked to do face tracking so now you have this line, what you have to do for face tracking is select a point in the face, select effect controls, first you have to select effect controls and this is to move things like this I'm going to hide the rulers because I don't have to do the right and I'm going to pass back control and I'm going to choose this part in the middle of the nose, so the place that people generally choose Dylan always choose here, on the nose I often do the punta of the nose, but this time I'm going to do this part here This part This part It's not a sense When I see what's happening I'm going to enter I'm going to put this keyframe I'm going to play And when it moves I'm going to move the line in this place I'm going to put a woman Once Two Who had I had no sense of smell. You dated a woman once who had no sense of smell. You dated a woman once who had no sense of smell. So you have to do this for the whole video. So Brian is like, he is more centered. I think I'm going to choose his nose. Instead of the nose. It's different. Everyone has a different face. It's different for everyone. Do you see the keyframes every time they move? eat any anything at it eat time time time and any hour hour of the day I always see it in the eye. I can see it in the eye. I could eat anything at any time, any hour of the day. You see it's very clean when it's on the head. I could eat anything at any time, any hour of the day. Be like a man. and have a much much gap gap gap s is zy zy zy zy zy zy zy zy zy zy zy zy zy zy zy These and and and couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't smell a damn thing one thing One time we were in a car and we were driving and she just just turn turns and looks to me and gives me a scornful look Look. And I. Know what? What? What? What? What? She goes. Goes. I. Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms You dated a woman once who had no sense of smell. And it was... You dated a woman. You dated a woman. You dated a woman. Gabriel, I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. You dated a woman once who had no sense of smell. And it was great. I could eat anything at any time, any hour of the day, be like a man and have as much gas as I damn well please. And she couldn't smell a damn thing. One time we were in a car and we were driving and she just turns and looks to me and gives me a scornful look. And I went, what? She goes, I can't smell anything, but my hearing is fine. Okay, so now you are looking at the video and thinking this format is very different, so now we are going to put it in this format Now what I'm going to do is I'm going to nest it all like I said before with this right click nest and I'm going to move it into these guidelines that I have here that now I don't remember what they are but I'll tell you Wait a second So, let's move it to guidelines. I'm going to look at what I want to show you. 540... 1590, I'm going to look at it. 540... 1590... Okay. Now that I have it in my guidelines, now we're going to do this in the next part. That's to put it in the format. So this is what I'm going to do. This is a preset that goes like this, and then we need it again, and it goes like this. You dated a woman once who had no sense of smell. and it was great I could is into our necessary sequence here look at those guidelines ah, it's for this no, no it's for this is... I'm saying a little different than I have I'm confused I'm going to undo everything okay what I do is before I can't wait to do the face tracking It's going to be complicated I don't want to explain it now I can explain it later But let's go on and go on And go on And go on I can see This is the most low possible The line The next one The second crop The first crop So you can put the first crop, the nested again and put the second crop Okay It's not me to play right now I'm confused The first crop is like a box Wait, this is not crop The first crop is a box And then the nested again and put the second crop that is in this format with two and now it is more centered not so much I have a little I don't know if I can see but well now we have to do this I have to do this I have to go to my other project and copy this that is my logo and the title I will show you how to do this part If you don't have a song saved And... But I will explain it in another video In this part And now that you have all this saved I will also copy the music And copy the music Here I will send this song I use the same music for all the videos No matter the niche Even though I use this music Those who had no sense of smell And it was great I could eat anything And now I edit the title for what I'm saying in the video So I always say that time or when So I say when Brian Crenson Dated I can't smell it So I put the margin safe And these are the margins If you are outside of these margins If you are looking at the people who are looking at the mobile And are more apreted on YouTube They can't see it So you can always put the margin safe Okay, it's inside And now I add color So when a woman, properties, fill, woman, I'm going to do this, couldn't, I'm going to do red, smell, I'm going to do this. I'm going to put a woman on the date You dated a woman Okay, so the video is ready, I can upload it, okay? But what I noticed is that my most popular videos I add a bit of B-roll Add a bit of what they are talking while they are saying So for example In this video I have put a picture of what they are talking about For example, this They are talking about a scene where the actor eats a cheese They said, what do you want to do with a goldfish? I said, I would like to eat a goldfish because that's what the guy actually did And then the next day they were like, eat a bowl I was like, we have to figure something out And so the next day they show up and there's three adult human beings Escorting a goldfish around all day And they're like all these rules like you can hold the goldfish in your mouth for three seconds but then it has to come out for water and like it was so crazy and first take I put it in my mouth and it immediately goes to the bathroom in my mouth. I was like this goldfish? You mentioned the goldfish scene. Was that a real moment? And for example, if you see my video most popular of this format is this Deadpool builds a team, the X-Fold X-Fold, I enseño this, I enseño this And then it's at the end And they're like when do you see him? I say you see him for a quarter of a second when he's electrocuted to death So I have another one that has become very popular now I hope And in this one he also taught B-roll, in these two, are very popular In this one for example Blade Trinity is teaching a scene of B-roll I was like a movie about Deadpool, you're the only guy that can play Deadpool. He sent me over all these comics. The first issue I opened up, I was on the panel. Like in the comic, somebody asked me what he looks like. He said I look like a prophet, Brian Reynolds and a Sharpay. And I was like Jesus, this is destiny. I was on the movie. That's what he did, then. So in this famous movie, I want to show you this one. This one is very popular. They are talking about a scene where they're taking a helicopter. They were flying me out in a Black Hawk to get to the middle of the ocean, slowly drop me down in the water, and then just do the shot of the helicopter pulling light. We were in Black Hawk with all seals and that gentleman right there he said you're gonna do this stunt now they shot this morning and he's like good look a lot cooler if you did it now was like yeah we didn't plan for that so I don't even know that would look like it would look like me grabbing the seat belt unbuckling you and throwing you out of this helicopter and the camera guy was sitting there like this you don't do this and I went all right let's do it he unbuckled me and flew me out of the Black Hawk that's me so that's what I'm saying so that in this scene, this one is not talking about a scene, they are talking about a story of the guy So it's more difficult. But what I would say, for example, is... You dated a woman once who had no sense of smell. And it was great. I could eat anything. I could eat anything. Ryan Dunstan eating. So for example, he plays Malted White So I can take the scene that he is eating here And I can use it when he says Acrystowny Fing It's not like Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Brian Cranston Mouth first This one is very famous How? I'm going to put something in here. I want to tell you about what happens when a boy really, really likes... It's not like music It's not like music It's not like music It's not like music It's not like music It's not like music It's not like music It's not like music It's not like music It's not like music It's not like music It's not like music I don't need to be forgiven. I can't see all the things I have been doing I know, instead of putting it here, for example, on the screen, you can't do it because you are in this format You have to enter the sequence until you get here, until you see Mario And that we can put it And we can put it on the screen On the screen, on the screen You dated a woman once who had no sense of smell. And it was great. I could eat anything. Thank you. Thank you. You dated a woman once who had no sense of smell and it was great. I could eat. I can also track those that I added here, so here you can track them. I could eat anything at any time, any hour. I could eat anything at any hour. I could eat anything at any time. I could eat anything at any time, any hour of the day. It was great. I could eat anything at any time, any hour of the day. Be like a day. any time i'm any hour of the day And do you do you do you do you do you do you? Know why you do it every day. I'm running anything at any time. You do like you've been trying. Tomorrow is coming. At any time, any hour of the day, be like a man. And you lose hell. Cause there's nothing I told. I'm going to use this in B because the people will comment about this. I could eat anything at any time, any hour of the day, be like a man and have as much gas as I damn well please. And she couldn't smell a damn thing. And she couldn't smell a damn thing. And she couldn't smell a damn thing. One time we... She couldn't smell a damn thing. One time... And she... And she... She couldn't... Smell... A... Damn... Damn... Damn... Thing... One... Oh, please? And she couldn't smell a damn thing. One time we were in a car and we were driving... This would be perfect. Thank you. we're driving and one time we were we were in a car we're driving and car we're driving you're in a car we're driving and she just turns and looks to and gives me a scorn. That's perfect. That's all I need. A little bit of a beer to remove that. And to engage more people in the video. That's the end of the video. She turns and looks to me and gives me a scornful look. And I went, what? She goes, I can't smell anything, but my hearing is fine. You dated a woman. You dated a woman. Well, there are things that I need to explain. There are a lot of things that you have to do with me. But yes, this is basic. This is me, editing a video. And that's it.